Haunted Mansion Escape:

Idea:
You are investigating a paranormal mansion where 35 people over 100 years have gone missing in this house and have never been seen again.

Floor 1:
num of Rooms: 16
aim to get 1 key

Floor 2:
num of Rooms: 16
aim to collect 3 key to get the correct one
the Riddle: How many letters are in the alphabet?
bone key: 26
metal key: 8
wood key: 11

Floor 3:
num of Rooms: 16
aim to solve the mystery of the mansion
Find the clues to get the name of the witch that created the curse.
Which Choices:
Sabrina Spellman
Marie Lavaue ✓
Piper Halliwell
Scarltet Witch
Agatha Harkness
Clues:
Was in a popular TV show
Was in a comic
Was a living Being


Attic:
Final room.
aim distroy the crystal ball or be claimed by the mansion
Tools
hammer, wrench, pipe, scissors, rock
Hammer: Breaks crystal ball
Wrench: Breaks crystal ball
Pipe: cracks crystal ball, Ball repairs itself trapping you for eternity
Rock: cracks crystal ball, Ball repairs itself trapping you for eternity
Scissor: gets stuck in the crystal ball, Ball repairs itself sealing in the scissors trapping you for eternity

Story:
Haunted Mansion:
Welcome to the Haunted Mansion.
As a paranormal investigator it is you job to find out what has caused 35 people to disappear over the last century. Your search has led you to this haunted mansion.

You have now entered the mansion. The Large doors slam shut behind you and locked themselves as well. Now begins your journey.
To learn how to move type “help” at any point.
To see you Inventory type “inventory” or “invent”.

Rooms with no light:
There is no light in this room

Curtain rooms:
There is moonlight seeping through the curtain.
Moonlight illuminated the room.

Food:
There is a bowl of fresh fruit on the table.
The fruit was a good choice.

Water:
There is a carafe of water and a glass on a table.
You poured yourself a much-needed glass of water to quench you thirst.

Key (Floor 1):
You found a {key name/leave empty} key lying around the room.
You have put the key into you bag.

Clue:
While digging in the room you found a clue to who is behind the disappearances and put it in your bag.
The clue is:
{display clue for room}

Locked door (Floor 1):
You found a locked door. (No Key)
You found a locked door.
You have unlocked the door to the {floor number} floor. (With Key)

Locked door (Floor 2):
The door is locked. But there is writing on it that says: “How many letters are in the alphabet?”
(Using metal or bone key) The key did not work. Try another key.
(Using Wood key) The door is unlocked. You go up the stairs to the 3rd floor.

Key (metal):
You found a metal key with “8” scratched into it while searching the room.
You put it in your bag.

Key (bone):
You found a bone key with “26” scratched into it while searching the room.
You put it in your bag.

Key (wood):
You found a wooden key with “11” scratched into it while searching the room.
You put it in your bag.

Room to library (painting door):
You have entered the room and see a door at the end you go to the door.
You notice the door is actually a painting

Room to library
You have entered the room and see a door at the end you go to the door.
You see the door handle.

Library:
You have entered a library of magical architecture.
There is a bookshelf full of witches such as:
Sabrina Spellman
Scarlet Witch
Marie Lavaue 
Piper Halliwell
Agatha Harkness

You grabbed the book about Sabrina Spellman. Nothing interesting.
You grabbed the book about Scarlet Witch. Nothing interesting.
You grabbed the book about Piper Halliwell. Nothing interesting.
You grabbed the book about Agatha Harkness. Nothing interesting.
You grabbed the book about Marie Lavaue. You hear something click. The book goes back into place.

Ladder:
The room appears to be empty.
After library
A ladder appeared in the room. You climb it and enter the attic.

Moving into wall:
You walked into the wall. Ouch. I hope nothing saw that.

Hallway:
You are still in the hallway.
or
You are still in the hallway but there is a door {direction of door} of you.

Empty room:
You searched the room only to come up empty.
	
Attic:
You have now entered the attic only to find a glowing crystal ball on the table surrounded by, a hammer, a wrench, a pipe, a rock, and a pair of scissors.

Grabbing pipe or rock:
You crack the crystal ball. The crystal ball repairs itself trapping you for eternity with everyone else.

Grabbing scissors:
You plunge the scissors into the crystal ball, and they get stuck. The crystal ball repairs itself sealing in the scissors trapping you for eternity with everyone else.

Grabbing hammer or wrench:
You whack the crystal ball with {tool}. It has shattered the crystal ball into millions of shards. You have freed all the victims of Marie Lavaue.
You walk out of the mansion forgetting why you were there and wondering. What just happened.



